release 2.3 beta (#2697)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CHANGELOG.md

* Add customizable color palettes for hotcue and track colors [#2530](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2530) [#2589](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2589)
* Add hotcue color find-and-replace tool [#2547](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2547)

### Importing From Other DJ Software ###
* Import cue points, track colors, one loop and playlists from Rekordbox USB drives [#2119](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2119) [#2555](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2555) [#2543](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2543)
  * Note: The first Rekordbox memory cue is imported for the main cue button in Mixxx and the remaining Rekordbox memory cues are imported as Mixxx hotcues, starting with the next hotcue number after the last hotcue from Rekordbox.
* Import cue points, track colors, one loop and playlists from Serato file tags & database [#2480](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2480) [#2526](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2526) [#2499](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2499) [#2495](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2495)

>   * Note: Mixxx does not yet support multiple loops per track. We are working on this for Mixxx 2.4. In Mixxx 2.3, if you import a track with multiple loops from Rekordbox or Serato, only the first loop will be imported.

Reviewer: Should this hint also go to the Rekordbox root view?
If the feature looks like in 2.2 users familiar with the workflow won't read the changelog, right?

Author: I moved it above both the Rekordbox and Serato bullet points. Does that work?

Reviewer: ?
I was trying to say: those notes should probably also be in the root view of those features in the _Library_.

Author: Oh, good idea. Want to make it happen?

### Skins & GUI ###
* Aesthetically revamped LateNight skin [#2298](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2298) [#2342](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2342)
* Right click overview waveform to show time remaining until that point [#2238](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2238)
* Show track context menu when right clicking text in decks [#2612](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2612) [#2675](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2675) [#2684](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2684) [#2696](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2696)
* Add laptop battery widget to skins [#2283](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2283) [#2277](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2277) [#2250](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2250) [#2228](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2228) [#2221](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2221) [#2163](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2163) [#2160](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2160) [#2147](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2147) [#2281](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2281) [#2319](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2319) [#2287](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2287)

> * Show when passthrough mode is active on overview waveforms [#2616](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Show when passthrough mode is active on overview waveforms [#2575](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2575) [#2616](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2616)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add "Help" button to preferences dialog that opens the corresponding manual section in a web browser. [#2716](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2716)

```

Author: Does that really need to be mentioned in the changelog?

Reviewer 2: It's a user-visible change... why not?

Author: Because it's a small change and this changelog is already a lot to read.

### Music Feature Analysis ###
* Multithreaded analysis for much faster batch analysis on multicore CPUs [#1624](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/1624) [#2142](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2142) [lp:1641153](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1641153)
* Fix bugs affecting key detection accuracy [#2137](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2137) [#2152](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2152) [#2112](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2112) [#2136](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2136)

>   * Note: Users who have not manually corrected keys are advised to clear all keys in their library by pressing Ctrl + A in the library, right clicking, going to Reset -> Key, then reanalyzing their library. This will freeze the GUI while Mixxx clears the keys; this is a known problem that we will not be able to fix for 2.3. Wait until it is finished and you will be able to reanalyze tracks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Note: Users who have not manually corrected keys are advised to clear all keys in their library by pressing Ctrl + A in the library, right clicking, going to Reset -> Key, then reanalyzing their library. This will freeze the GUI while Mixxx clears the keys; this is a known problem that we will not be able to fix for 2.3. Wait until it is finished and you will be able to enjoy better detection results.
```

* Rework of Cover Image Hashing [lp:1607097](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1607097) [#2507](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2507) [#2508](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2508)
* MusicBrainz: Handle 301 status response [#2510](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2510)
* MusicBrainz: Add extended metadata support [lp:1581256](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1581256) [#2522](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2522)
* TagLib: Fix detection of empty or missing file tags [lp:1865957](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1865957) [#2535](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/2535)

### Audio Codecs ###
* Add FFmpeg audio decoder, bringing support for ALAC files [#1356](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/1356)
* Include LAME MP3 encoder with Mixxx now that the MP3 patent has expired [lp:1294128](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1294128) [buildserver:#37](https://github.com/mixxxdj/buildserver/pull/37) [buildserver:9e8bcee](https://github.com/mixxxdj/buildserver/commit/9e8bcee771731920ae82f3e076d43f0fb51e5027)
* Add Opus streaming and recording support. [lp:1338413](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1338413)

> * Remove SoundSource plugin support. [lp:1792747](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1792747)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove support for SoundSource plugins at the code was not well-maintained and could lead to crashes. [lp:1792747](https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bug/1792747)
```
